docs: update documentation for upstream opentelemetry-php-distro rebase (#373) (#374)
elastic/elastic-otel-php: docs/release-notes/deprecations.md

| `ELASTIC_OTEL_INFERRED_SPANS_MIN_DURATION` | `OTEL_PHP_INFERRED_SPANS_MIN_DURATION` |
| `ELASTIC_OTEL_OPAMP_ENDPOINT` | `OTEL_PHP_OPAMP_ENDPOINT` |
| `ELASTIC_OTEL_OPAMP_HEADERS` | `OTEL_PHP_OPAMP_HEADERS` |
| `ELASTIC_OTEL_OPAMP_HEARTBEAT_INTERVAL` | `OTEL_PHP_OPAMP_HEARTBEAT_INTERVAL` |
| `ELASTIC_OTEL_OPAMP_SEND_TIMEOUT` | `OTEL_PHP_OPAMP_SEND_TIMEOUT` |
| `ELASTIC_OTEL_OPAMP_SEND_MAX_RETRIES` | `OTEL_PHP_OPAMP_SEND_MAX_RETRIES` |
| `ELASTIC_OTEL_OPAMP_SEND_RETRY_DELAY` | `OTEL_PHP_OPAMP_SEND_RETRY_DELAY` |
| `ELASTIC_OTEL_OPAMP_INSECURE` | `OTEL_PHP_OPAMP_INSECURE` |
| `ELASTIC_OTEL_OPAMP_CERTIFICATE` | `OTEL_PHP_OPAMP_CERTIFICATE` |
| `ELASTIC_OTEL_OPAMP_CLIENT_CERTIFICATE` | `OTEL_PHP_OPAMP_CLIENT_CERTIFICATE` |
| `ELASTIC_OTEL_OPAMP_CLIENT_KEY` | `OTEL_PHP_OPAMP_CLIENT_KEY` |
| `ELASTIC_OTEL_OPAMP_CLIENT_KEYPASS` | `OTEL_PHP_OPAMP_CLIENT_KEYPASS` |

The same applies to `elastic_otel.*` php.ini settings, which should be replaced with `opentelemetry_distro.*`.

**Impact**<br> The deprecated names continue to work as fallbacks. If both the deprecated and the new name are set, the new name (`OTEL_PHP_*` / `opentelemetry_distro.*`) takes precedence.

> **Action**<br> Update your configuration to use the `OTEL_PHP_*` environment variables and `opentelemetry_distro.*` php.ini settings. Refer to [Configuration](/reference/edot-php/configuration.md) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Impact**

The deprecated names continue to work as fallbacks. If both the deprecated and the new name are set, the new name (`OTEL_PHP_*` / `opentelemetry_distro.*`) takes precedence.

**Action** 

Update your configuration to use the `OTEL_PHP_*` environment variables and `opentelemetry_distro.*` php.ini settings. Refer to [Configuration](/reference/edot-php/configuration.md) for details.
```

Line breaks may not render correctly in markdown.
